add slow logs in troubleshoot-stale-read.md (#15174)
pingcap/docs: troubleshoot-stale-read.md

- Whether the apply index is too small to update safe-ts.
- Whether the leader is sending a sufficiently updated resolved-ts when a follower peer exists.

### Use logs to diagnose

> Every 10 seconds, TiKV checks its
> - min leader resolved-ts
> - min follower safe-ts
> - min follower resolved-ts
> 
> If any of these ts is abnormally small, a log is printed.
> 
> These logs are especially useful when you want to diagnose a historical problem that has already vanished.
> 
> Examples:
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Every 10 seconds, TiKV checks the following metrics:

- The Region leader whose resolved-ts is the minimal
- The Region follower whose safe-ts is the minimal
- The Region follower whose resolved-ts is the minimal

If any of these timestamps is abnormally small, TiKV prints a log.

These logs are especially useful when you want to diagnose a historical problem that is no longer present.

The following shows an example of the logs:

```log
````

- Whether the apply index is too small to update safe-ts.
- Whether the leader is sending a sufficiently updated resolved-ts when a follower peer exists.

### Use logs to diagnose

> Every 10 seconds, TiKV checks the following metrics:

Reviewer 2: How about linking the source code address here.

Reviewer: I completely agree with @ekexium. Since this document is intended for troubleshooting, our primary focus should be on providing diagnostic methods rather than delving into specific implementation details. Therefore, it is not recommended to link source code here.
